in the implementation
Let us write a function
Find missing number which takes an integer array and
an integer n which is the size of the array  and
It returns an integer which will be the missing number
of the array in the function we need to declare a
variable to hold the XOR result so write int result
equal to zero
Next we need to XOR all the numbers present in
the given array with the variable result
So write a for loop for i equal to zero i less than
n and inside that XOR all the elements
that is result equal to result bitwisw XOR array
of i next
We need to XOR all the numbers from one to
n plus one with the above XOR variable result
So write a for loop from index 1 to n plus
one and XOR all the elements with the variable
result
Now the missing number will be present at the variable result so return it.